cmd/cli/docs/reference/model_run.md, before:

# docker model run

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Run a model and interact with it using a submitted prompt or chat mode

### Options

| Name             | Type     | Default | Description                                          |
|:-----------------|:---------|:--------|:-----------------------------------------------------|
| `--color`        | `string` | `no`    | Use colored output (auto\|yes\|no)                   |
| `--debug`        | `bool`   |         | Enable debug logging                                 |
| `-d`, `--detach` | `bool`   |         | Load the model in the background without interaction |


<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

When you run a model, Docker calls an inference server API endpoint hosted by the Model Runner through Docker Desktop. The model stays in memory until another model is requested, or until a pre-defined inactivity timeout is reached (currently 5 minutes).

You do not have to use Docker model run before interacting with a specific model from a host process or from within a container. Model Runner transparently loads the requested model on-demand, assuming it has been pulled and is locally available.

You can also use chat mode in the Docker Desktop Dashboard when you select the model in the **Models** tab.

## Examples

### One-time prompt

```console
docker model run ai/smollm2 "Hi"
```

Output:

```console
Hello! How can I assist you today?
```

### Interactive chat

```console
docker model run ai/smollm2
```

Output:

```console
> Hi
Hi there! It's SmolLM, AI assistant. How can I help you today?
> /bye
```

### Pre-load a model

```console
docker model run --detach ai/smollm2
```

This loads the model into memory without interaction, ensuring maximum performance for subsequent requests.

Commit message:

Add openaiurl flag to list and run commands
The openaiurl flag enables users to connect to external
OpenAI-compatible API endpoints for both listing models and running chat
interactions. When this flag is specified, the commands will bypass the
local model runner and communicate directly with the provided endpoint.
The list command now supports filtering models from external endpoints,
and the run command supports both single prompt mode and interactive
mode with external endpoints.

Signed-off-by: Eric Curtin <eric.curtin@docker.com>

cmd/cli/docs/reference/model_run.md, after:

# docker model run

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Run a model and interact with it using a submitted prompt or chat mode

### Options

| Name             | Type     | Default | Description                                          |
|:-----------------|:---------|:--------|:-----------------------------------------------------|
| `--color`        | `string` | `no`    | Use colored output (auto\|yes\|no)                   |
| `--debug`        | `bool`   |         | Enable debug logging                                 |
| `-d`, `--detach` | `bool`   |         | Load the model in the background without interaction |
| `--openaiurl`    | `string` |         | OpenAI-compatible API endpoint URL to chat with      |


<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

When you run a model, Docker calls an inference server API endpoint hosted by the Model Runner through Docker Desktop. The model stays in memory until another model is requested, or until a pre-defined inactivity timeout is reached (currently 5 minutes).

You do not have to use Docker model run before interacting with a specific model from a host process or from within a container. Model Runner transparently loads the requested model on-demand, assuming it has been pulled and is locally available.

You can also use chat mode in the Docker Desktop Dashboard when you select the model in the **Models** tab.

## Examples

### One-time prompt

```console
docker model run ai/smollm2 "Hi"
```

Output:

```console
Hello! How can I assist you today?
```

### Interactive chat

```console
docker model run ai/smollm2
```

Output:

```console
> Hi
Hi there! It's SmolLM, AI assistant. How can I help you today?
> /bye
```

### Pre-load a model

```console
docker model run --detach ai/smollm2
```

This loads the model into memory without interaction, ensuring maximum performance for subsequent requests.
