cmd/cli/docs/reference/model.md, before:

# docker model

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Docker Model Runner

### Subcommands

| Name                                            | Description                                                                                     |
|:------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`bench`](model_bench.md)                       | Benchmark a model's performance at different concurrency levels                                 |
| [`df`](model_df.md)                             | Show Docker Model Runner disk usage                                                             |
| [`inspect`](model_inspect.md)                   | Display detailed information on one model                                                       |
| [`install-runner`](model_install-runner.md)     | Install Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                |
| [`list`](model_list.md)                         | List the models pulled to your local environment                                                |
| [`logs`](model_logs.md)                         | Fetch the Docker Model Runner logs                                                              |
| [`package`](model_package.md)                   | Package a GGUF file, Safetensors directory, or existing model into a Docker model OCI artifact. |
| [`ps`](model_ps.md)                             | List running models                                                                             |
| [`pull`](model_pull.md)                         | Pull a model from Docker Hub or HuggingFace to your local environment                           |
| [`purge`](model_purge.md)                       | Remove all models                                                                               |
| [`push`](model_push.md)                         | Push a model to Docker Hub                                                                      |
| [`reinstall-runner`](model_reinstall-runner.md) | Reinstall Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                              |
| [`requests`](model_requests.md)                 | Fetch requests+responses from Docker Model Runner                                               |
| [`restart-runner`](model_restart-runner.md)     | Restart Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                |
| [`rm`](model_rm.md)                             | Remove local models downloaded from Docker Hub                                                  |
| [`run`](model_run.md)                           | Run a model and interact with it using a submitted prompt or chat mode                          |
| [`start-runner`](model_start-runner.md)         | Start Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                  |
| [`status`](model_status.md)                     | Check if the Docker Model Runner is running                                                     |
| [`stop-runner`](model_stop-runner.md)           | Stop Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                   |
| [`tag`](model_tag.md)                           | Tag a model                                                                                     |
| [`uninstall-runner`](model_uninstall-runner.md) | Uninstall Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                              |
| [`unload`](model_unload.md)                     | Unload running models                                                                           |
| [`version`](model_version.md)                   | Show the Docker Model Runner version                                                            |



<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

Use Docker Model Runner to run and interact with AI models directly from the command line.
For more information, see the [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/ai/model-runner/)

Commit message:

Add search command for Docker Hub and HuggingFace
Adds a new `docker model search` command that allows users to search for
AI models from both Docker Hub and HuggingFace. The command supports
filtering by search terms, limiting results, selecting specific sources
(Docker Hub, HuggingFace, or both), and outputting results in either
table or JSON format. Implements concurrent search across multiple
sources with proper error handling and rate limiting support.

Signed-off-by: Eric Curtin <eric.curtin@docker.com>

cmd/cli/docs/reference/model.md, after:

# docker model

<!---MARKER_GEN_START-->
Docker Model Runner

### Subcommands

| Name                                            | Description                                                                                     |
|:------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`bench`](model_bench.md)                       | Benchmark a model's performance at different concurrency levels                                 |
| [`df`](model_df.md)                             | Show Docker Model Runner disk usage                                                             |
| [`inspect`](model_inspect.md)                   | Display detailed information on one model                                                       |
| [`install-runner`](model_install-runner.md)     | Install Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                |
| [`list`](model_list.md)                         | List the models pulled to your local environment                                                |
| [`logs`](model_logs.md)                         | Fetch the Docker Model Runner logs                                                              |
| [`package`](model_package.md)                   | Package a GGUF file, Safetensors directory, or existing model into a Docker model OCI artifact. |
| [`ps`](model_ps.md)                             | List running models                                                                             |
| [`pull`](model_pull.md)                         | Pull a model from Docker Hub or HuggingFace to your local environment                           |
| [`purge`](model_purge.md)                       | Remove all models                                                                               |
| [`push`](model_push.md)                         | Push a model to Docker Hub                                                                      |
| [`reinstall-runner`](model_reinstall-runner.md) | Reinstall Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                              |
| [`requests`](model_requests.md)                 | Fetch requests+responses from Docker Model Runner                                               |
| [`restart-runner`](model_restart-runner.md)     | Restart Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                |
| [`rm`](model_rm.md)                             | Remove local models downloaded from Docker Hub                                                  |
| [`run`](model_run.md)                           | Run a model and interact with it using a submitted prompt or chat mode                          |
| [`search`](model_search.md)                     | Search for models on Docker Hub and HuggingFace                                                 |
| [`start-runner`](model_start-runner.md)         | Start Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                  |
| [`status`](model_status.md)                     | Check if the Docker Model Runner is running                                                     |
| [`stop-runner`](model_stop-runner.md)           | Stop Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                                   |
| [`tag`](model_tag.md)                           | Tag a model                                                                                     |
| [`uninstall-runner`](model_uninstall-runner.md) | Uninstall Docker Model Runner (Docker Engine only)                                              |
| [`unload`](model_unload.md)                     | Unload running models                                                                           |
| [`version`](model_version.md)                   | Show the Docker Model Runner version                                                            |



<!---MARKER_GEN_END-->

## Description

Use Docker Model Runner to run and interact with AI models directly from the command line.
For more information, see the [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/ai/model-runner/)
